delete from recipes;
ALTER TABLE recipes AUTO_INCREMENT = 1;
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Creamy Chicken Pot Pie','Creamy Chicken Pot Pie','Heat oven to 400°F.Warm chicken in large nonstick skillet on medium heat 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally until chicken heated through. Add vegetables; cook 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in cooking creme; spoon into 9-inch pie plate.Cover with refrigerated pie crust; seal and flute edge. Cut several slits in crust. Place pie plate on baking sheet.Bake 25 to 30 min. or until golden brown.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Creamy-Chicken-Pot-Pie-185161.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Grilled Skirt Steak Fajitas','Grilled Skirt Steak Fajitas','Procedures                                                                              1                                                                            Combine soy sauce, lime juice, canola oil, brown sugar, cumin, black pepper, chili powder, and garlic in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Transfer 1/2 cup of marinade to a large bowl and set aside. Place steaks in a gallon-sized zipper-lock bag and add remaining marinade. Seal bag, squeezing out as much air as possible. Massage bag until meat is fully coated in marinade. Lay flat in the refrigerator, turning every couple of hours for at least 3 hours and up to 10.                                                                                                                            2                                                                            While steak marinates, toss peppers and onions in bowl with reserved 1/2 cup marinade. Refrigerate until ready to use.                                                                                                                            3                                                                            When ready to cook, remove steaks from marinade, wipe off excess, and transfer to a large plate. Light one chimney full of charcoal. When all the charcoal is lit and covered with gray ash, pour out and arrange the coals on one side of the charcoal grate. Set cooking grate in place, cover grill and allow to preheat for 5 minutes. Clean and oil the grilling grate.                                                                                                                             4                                                                            Place a large cast iron skillet over cooler side of grill. Transfer steaks to hot side of grill. Cover and cook for 1 minute. Flip steaks, cover and cook for another minute. Continue cooking in this manner—flipping and covering—until steaks are well-charred and an instant-read thermometer inserted into their center registers 115 to 120°F for medium-rare or 125 to 130°F for medium. Transfer steaks to a large plate, tent with foil, and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes.                                                                                                                            5                                                                            Meanwhile, transfer cast iron skillet to hot side of grill and allow to preheat for 2 minutes. Add pepper and onion mix and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened and beginning to char in spots, about 10 minutes. When vegetables are cooked, transfer steaks to a cutting board and pour any accumulated juices from the plate into the skillet with the vegetables. Toss to coat.                                                                                                                            6                                                                            Transfer vegetables to a warm serving platter. Thinly slice meat against the grain and transfer to platter with vegetables. Serve immediately with hot tortillas, guacamole, pico de gallo, and other condiments as desired.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Grilled-Skirt-Steak-Fajitas-195684.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken enchiladas with red mole sauce','Chicken enchiladas with red mole sauce','Put the chicken in the pan, then pour in 300ml cold water. Bring to the boil, then reduce down to a simmer and cook for 20 mins, turning once, until the chicken is cooked through. Remove chicken from water (saving the liquid) and when it’s cool enough to handle, shred with your fingers or a fork.Halve the chillies, pull out the seeds and discard. Place in a small bowl and cover with boiling water. Leave to soak for 20 mins until softened, then discard the water, roughly chop the chillies then put into a blender.Heat a frying pan and tip in the tomato. Cook for 5 mins, until the tomato skins start to blister and turn brown. Add to the blender. Heat the oil or lard in the same frying pan and cook the onion, garlic and almonds for 5 mins. Stir in the raisins, oregano, cumin and cinnamon, then cook 2 mins more until the onion is softened, the almonds are golden and the raisins have puffed up. Tip into the blender with 100ml of the chicken poaching liquid and give it a good whizz.Pour the mixture back into the pan, stir in 350ml of the poaching liquid and chocolate and let it simmer for 20 mins. To serve, soften the tortillas in a microwave for 30 secs then pile the chicken on top, spoon over the sauce and roll up. Serve scattered with coriander leaves, limes and more chopped almonds.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chicken-enchiladas-with-red-mole-sauce-221103.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Mushroom fajitas with avocado houmous','Mushroom fajitas with avocado houmous','Put the avocado, chickpeas, garlic, lemon zest and juice in a food processor and whizz together until it forms a chunky consistency. Spoon into a bowl, season and stir in the tomatoes.Drizzle the onion and mushroom with the oil and sprinkle over the fajita seasoning. Heat a griddle pan over a high heat and cook the onion for 2 mins on each side, then remove from the pan and keep warm. Cook the mushrooms for 2 mins on each side or until softened and turning golden in places.Spread some of the avocado houmous down the middle of each wrap and top with the mushrooms and onions. Add shredded lettuce and a dash of Tabasco, if you like, and wrap up.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Mushroom-fajitas-with-avocado-houmous-221424.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Roasted vegetable & feta tostada','Roasted vegetable & feta tostada','Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6.In a roasting tin, season the frozenvegetables and toss with the Mexicanseasoning, then roast in the oven for15 mins, until hot. Meanwhile, mix theavocado, lime juice and tomatoes withsome seasoning, then set aside.Put the tortillas on a baking sheet andcook above the vegetables for the final5 mins of cooking time until crisp.Transfer the crispy tortillas to plates,scatter with rocket and top with theroasted vegetables. Add some of theavocado salsa and sprinkle over the feta.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Roasted-vegetable---feta-tostada-222482.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Mexican Cabbage','Mexican Cabbage','InstructionsChop cabbage into thin strips, set aside. Line a medium saucepan with water and saute onions and garlic over high heat until translucent. Add cabbage, tomato sauce, chilis, paste and spices. Reduce heat to medium and cook until cabbage is tender, about 10 minutes. Turn off heat and stir in frozen corn until evenly distributed. Taste test, adjusting spices as needed. Salt to taste if desired. Mix in black beans before serving. Break corn tortilla chips into small pieces in your hand and sprinkle over top before serving.Nutritional InformationServing Size: 1Servings Per Batch:                                     2Amount Per ServingCalories                                     294Fat                                     2.70g                                      Carbohydrate                                     59gDietary Fiber17.70gSugars16.50gProtein14.80g','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Mexican-Cabbage-264166.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Sear-Roasted Halibut with Blood Orange Salsa','Sear-Roasted Halibut with Blood Orange Salsa','Position a rack in the center of the oven and heat the oven to 425F.    Make the salsa          In a small saucepan, boil the orange juice over medium heat until reduced to 1/4 cup, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool.      In a medium bowl, combine the reduced orange juice, blood orange segments, onion, cilantro, olive oil, and orange zest. Season to taste with salt and pepper.        Cook the halibut          In a small bowl, mix the orange zest, thyme, 1-1/2 tsp. salt, and 1/2 tsp. pepper. Rub the mixture all over the halibut fillets. Heat the oil in a 12-inch ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. When the oil is shimmering hot, arrange the fillets in the pan. Sear for about 2 minutes without moving; then use a thin slotted metal spatula to lifta piece of fish and check the color. When the fillets are nicely browned, flip them and put the pan in the oven.      Roast until the halibut is just cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and transfer the halibut to serving plates. Spoon some of the salsa over each fillet.        Serving Suggestions    Serve with a side salad ofButter Lettuce with Poppy Seed & Tarragon Crme Frache Dressing.                  nutrition information (per serving):        Calories                        (kcal):                      380, Fat                        (kcal):                      18, Fat Calories                        (g):                      160, Saturated Fat                        (g):                      2.5, Protein                        (g):                      37, Monounsaturated Fat                        (g):                      11, Carbohydrates                        (mg):                      18, Polyunsaturated Fat                        (mg):                      2.5, Sodium                        (g):                      510, Cholesterol                        (g):                      55, Fiber                        (g):                      3,                     Photo: Scott Phillips          Rate this Recipe and View Reviews','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/sear-roasted-halibut-with-blood-orange-salsa-3465.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Salmon with Pineapple Salsa','Salmon with Pineapple Salsa','Directions                                                                                In a large resealable plastic bag, combine the orange juice, soy sauce, garlic, ginger and pepper; add salmon. Seal bag and turn to coat; refrigerate for 2-4 hours.                                                                                            For salsa, in a small bowl, combine the pineapple, sugar, mint, onion and jalapeno. Refrigerate until serving.                                                                                            Drain and discard marinade. Place fillets on a double thickness of heavy-duty foil (about 18 in. x 12 in.) Top with orange slices. Fold foil around fillets and seal tightly. Bake at 375° for 20-23 minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork. Open foil carefully to allow steam to escape. Serve with salsa.                                        Yield: 2 servings.                                                                                                     Editor\'s Note: Wear disposable gloves when cutting hot peppers; the oils can burn skin. Avoid touching your face.                                                                                                Originally published as Salmon with Pineapple Salsa in  Cooking for 2Fall 2007, p12                                                                                                                                                                                                        Nutritional Facts                                                                             1 fillet with 1/2 cup salsa equals 391 calories, 16 g fat (3 g saturated fat), 84 mg cholesterol, 386 mg sodium, 33 g carbohydrate, 2 g fiber, 30 g protein.                                                                                                                                                                     Print                                                                                    Add to Recipe Box                            Email a Friend','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Salmon-with-Pineapple-Salsa-412926.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Honey Mustard Grilled Chicken','Honey Mustard Grilled Chicken','Preheat the grill for medium heat.                            In a shallow bowl, mix the mustard, honey, mayonnaise, and steak sauce. Set aside a small amount of the honey mustard sauce for basting, and dip the chicken into the remaining sauce to coat.                            Lightly oil the grill grate. Grill chicken over indirect heat for 18 to 20 minutes, turning occasionally, or until juices run clear. Baste occasionally with the reserved sauce during the last 10 minutes. Watch carefully to prevent burning!                                                Kitchen-Friendly View','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Honey-Mustard-Grilled-Chicken-446793.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Black Bean Nachos','Black Bean Nachos','Directions                                                                                Arrange top oven rack 6-in. from top heat source. Heat broiler.                                                                                           Arrange tortilla chips in single layer in 12-in. skillet (or other oven-proof dish of equal size). Sprinkle beans, tomatoes, peppers and scallions evenly over chips. Sprinkle cheese evenly over chips and toppings.                                                                                           Broil, occasionally rotating pan for even melting, until cheese is bubbly and toppings are hot, 3-5 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro, if desired. Serve with Pico de Gallo and guacamole, if desired.                                        Yield: 4 servings.                                                                                                                         Originally published as Black Bean Nachos Provided by GOYA®                                                                                                                    Print                                                                                    Add to Recipe Box                            Email a Friend','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Black-Bean-Nachos-450354.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Grilled Salmon with Avocado Salsa','Grilled Salmon with Avocado Salsa','Directions                                                                                In a small bowl, combine the tomato, avocado, onion, cilantro, oil, garlic and 2 tablespoons vinaigrette. Chill until serving.                                                                                           Moisten a paper towel with cooking oil; using long-handled tongs, lightly coat the grill rack. Sprinkle salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon skin side down on grill rack. Grill, covered, over medium heat for 7-9 minutes or until the salmon flakes easily with a fork. Brush with remaining vinaigrette. Serve with salsa.                                        Yield: 4 servings.                                                                                                                         Originally published as Grilled Salmon with Avocado Salsa in  Simple & DeliciousJune/July 2011, p17                                                                                                                                                                                                        Nutritional Facts                                                                             1 fillet with 1/2 cup salsa equals 301 calories, 21 g fat (3 g saturated fat), 57 mg cholesterol, 295 mg sodium, 9 g carbohydrate, 4 g fiber, 21 g protein. Diabetic Exchanges: 3 lean meat, 2 fat.                                                                                                                                                                    Print                                                                                    Add to Recipe Box                            Email a Friend','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Grilled-Salmon-with-Avocado-Salsa-469111.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Quinoa Chicken and Black Bean Burritos with Chipotle Guacamole','Quinoa Chicken and Black Bean Burritos with Chipotle Guacamole','In a bowl, roughly mash the avocados.  Stir in the chipotle pepper, sour cream, lime and cilantro.  Season to taste with salt.  Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat.  Add the garlic, chili powder and cumin and cook until fragrant, about 60 seconds.  Stir in the black beans and the water and cook until the beans are warmed though and soft, about 8 minutes.In a large bowl, combine the quinoa and the chicken.  Stir in the black bean mixture.  Spread some of the Chipotle Guacamole down the center of a tortilla.  Top with some of the quinoa mixture, shredded cheddar cheese and lettuce.  Roll up into a burrito.  Repeat with the remaining ingredients.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Quinoa-Chicken-and-Black-Bean-Burritos-with-Chipotle-Guacamole-473591.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Huevos Rancheros Breakfast Tacos','Huevos Rancheros Breakfast Tacos','Put tomatoes in food processor and pulse until tomatoes are coarsely chopped. Add remaining ingredients and pulse a few more times just to combine ingredients.Lightly spray each tortilla with cooking spray. Broil 2 minutes; turn tortillas over. Top each tortilla with 2 tablespoons cheese and 2 tablespoons black beans. Broil 1 minute or until cheese melts. Remove from oven. Bring a small pot of water to a boil. Reduce heat to low and carefully break each egg into the water. Set the time for 2-3 minutes, Remove with a slotted spoon.Gently place one poached egg on top of each tortilla. Top tacos with Fresh Tomato Salsa, avocado and cilantro. Add a dollop of Greek yogurt on top of tacos if desired.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Huevos-Rancheros-Breakfast-Tacos-474351.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Hearty Chicken Chorizo, Kale, Bean and Farro Soup','Hearty Chicken Chorizo, Kale, Bean and Farro Soup','Heat oil in a large saucepan. Add sausage and saute for a few minutes, breaking up the pieces. Add carrots, mushrooms, onions and garlic. Saute until sausage is cooked through, about 4-5 minutes. Add paprika, chicken broth, tomatoes, beans and farro. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and cook 15 minutes or until farro is tender (if you use regular farro, it may take 25 minutes). Add kale and zucchini and continue cooking another 6-7 minutes until kale is just tender.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Hearty-Chicken-Chorizo--Kale--Bean-and-Farro-Soup-474468.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Matzah Nachos (Machos!)','Matzah Nachos (Machos!)','<p>First, I made pico de gallo. Combine tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, cilantro and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Then, drizzle your matzah pieces with olive oil, salt and pepper. Bake for about 5-8 minutes until browned.Then add cheese, and bake another 5 minutes until cheese is all melty. Ooooh yeah.Top with goodies of your choice! I used pico de gallo, avocado, Greek yogurt and lots of cilantro.</p>','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/matzah-nachos-(machos)-480810.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Cilantro-Lime Turkey Taco Lettuce Wraps','Cilantro-Lime Turkey Taco Lettuce Wraps','In a food processor, add onion, garlic, cilantro, lime juice and green salsa. Pulse until a smooth salsa consistency is reached; set aside.In a medium non-stick sauté pan, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add ground turkey and cook, breaking up any large pieces, for 5 minutes. Add chili powder, cumin, oregano and salt; stir. Add salsa to turkey and stir to combine and cook until turkey is cooked through about 5 minutes more. Add chicken stock, turn heat to medium-high and bring to a simmer. Cook for an additional 1-2 minutes. Turn heat off and let turkey mixture sit while you prepare the lettuce cups. Tear off large pieces of lettuce that are big enough to hold about 1/3 cup of ground turkey. Top each lettuce cup with diced tomato, avocado and extra cilantro if desired. If you\'re like me, load it with hot sauce too!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Cilantro-Lime-Turkey-Taco-Lettuce-Wraps-486616.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Beef Taco Quinoa Salad Bowls','Beef Taco Quinoa Salad Bowls','Cook the quinoa according to the package directions.Place the cooked hamburger, water, and taco packet in a skillet. Cook for 3-4 minutes on medium heat. Add the undrained tomatoes and rinsed black beans. Stir in the quinoa when it finishes cooking.Place desired amount of lettuce in bowls. Top with 1 cup taco mixture. Add corn, cheese, avocado, salsa, and cilantro. Serve immediately. Makes 8 servings.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Beef-Taco-Quinoa-Salad-Bowls-490552.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Smoky Chipotle Chicken Tacos ~ #WeekdaySupper - One Sweet Mess','Smoky Chipotle Chicken Tacos ~ #WeekdaySupper - One Sweet Mess','Heat 2 tablespoons of canola oil in a large saut pan over medium-high heat.Place your chicken breasts between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Using a meat mallet, pound the breasts, starting in the center and working your way to the edges, until they are a 1/2-inch thick. Salt and pepper each side.Place the chicken in the hot saut pan. Cook on each side for 4-5 minutes, or until the juices run clear and the internal temperature reads 160 degrees F. Remove the breasts from the pan and place on a cutting board to rest for 5 minutes. Chop the meat into 1/4-inch cubes.Turn the heat down to medium, and add 1 tablespoon of oil to the saut pan you just cooked the chicken in. Add the onion and green pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, chipotle, coriander, cumin, chile powder, and Tabasco. Allow the sauce to cook and reduce slightly, about 10 minutes. Stir in the chopped chicken and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste.Scoop a generous amount of the chicken mixture onto the tortilla and add your favorite toppings. Enjoy!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/smoky-chipotle-chicken-tacos-weekdaysupper-one-sweet-mess-491236.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken Mango Tacos','Chicken Mango Tacos','1. Prepare your salsa: Peel and dice one mango. 2. Mince your red onion, scallion, and jalapeno. 3. Toss together the mango, onion, scallion, jalapeno, lime juice, and salt to your own tastes. Set aside.4. Season chicken cutlets with salt and cayenne pepper, to taste. 5. Grill until cooked through, about 6-8 minutes. 6. Slice chicken and serve in tortillas with the mango salsa.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chicken-Mango-Tacos-491482.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Baked Coconut Chicken with Spicy Sauce','Baked Coconut Chicken with Spicy Sauce','Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly grease or line with parchment a large, rimmed cookie sheet or metal baking pan.Toast the panko in a dry skillet set over medium - low heat stirring often until lightly golden. Remove to a wide, shallow dish and combine with the coconut flakes.Put the flour on a big plate. Whisk the eggs in a wide, shallow bowl with a tablespoon or two of water. If using chicken breasts pound them out between two pieces of plastic wrap using a mallet to an even thickness.Season the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides. Working one at a time using tongs dredge the chicken in flour, then egg allowing the excess to drip off then into the coconut flakes, patting them on with your hands to get them stick.Place them on the baking sheet and bake 12 - 25 minutes depending on their size until their juices run clear and they reach an internal temperature of 165 - 174 degrees F. Add all the sauce ingredients to a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Maintain a simmer and cook 10 minutes, stirring often.Once the chicken is cooked remove to a platter and drizzle with sauce or serve the sauce on the side like a dipping sauce.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Baked-Coconut-Chicken-with-Spicy-Sauce-492733.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Israeli Roast Chicken','Israeli Roast Chicken','Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.Season both sides of the chicken thighs evenly with paprika, salt, and pepper.Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat for five minutes.Meanwhile, arrange the rosemary sprigs, unpeeled garlic cloves, and sliced red onion in the bottom of a 9 x 13 glass baking dish.Place four of the chicken thighs into the pan. Let cook for 2 minutes per side, or until browned. You do not need to cook the chicken all the way through, you just want to get some good color on the outside. Once browned, remove the chicken pieces from the skillet and place on top of the bed of rosemary, garlic, and onion in the baking dish.Repeat with the remaining four chicken thighs. You may need to overlap the thighs a bit to fit them all into the pan.Place all eight browned chicken breasts in the baking dish into the preheated oven and bake for 30 minutes. Increase heat to 375 and bake for an additional 15 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through (internal temperature of 165 degrees Fahrenheit).','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Israeli-Roast-Chicken-506966.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Easy Bacon Chicken Bowl','Easy Bacon Chicken Bowl','Preheat oven to 400 degrees.Place your halved sweet potato cut-side down on a baking sheet and bake for 20-25 minutes or until your sweet potato is soft to the touch.When your sweet potato has about 6-8 minutes left to cook, place a medium skillet over medium heat.Add your two slices of bacon.Salt and pepper both sides of your chicken thigh.As soon as some of the fat begins to render in your pan, push the bacon to one side and place your chicken thigh into the bacon fat.Cook chicken and bacon on one side for about 4-5 minutes, then flip.Your bacon will cook a bit faster, so once it is done, place your sweet potato in a bowl and top it with bacon.To finish the chicken thigh through, add a tablespoon of water and cover for about 3-5 minutes or until cooked through. Do what I do, check before you much.Add chicken thigh to your bowl.Last but not least, grab a fork and knife and cut it all up. Mix it all together.Top with a pinch of salt and pepper.Yum!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Easy-Bacon-Chicken-Bowl-509479.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Sunday Slow Cooker: Chicken Enchilada Soup','Sunday Slow Cooker: Chicken Enchilada Soup','Add the chicken breast, cumin, chili powder, garlic powder, garlic cloves, salt, onion, peppers, tomatoes with green chiles, enchilada sauce, chicken broth, and tomato paste to the slow cooker.Cook on low for four hours. Remove the chicken and shred with 2 forks. Return to soup and add the beans.Mix the masa harina (corn meal) with 1/4-1/2 cup of water (more if needed) until smooth. Add to the soup and let cook for 30 more minutes. Top with 2 tbsp. cheese. You can also stir it in depending on your preference.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Sunday-Slow-Cooker--Chicken-Enchilada-Soup-510517.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Mexican Black Bean Frittata','Mexican Black Bean Frittata','Preheat oven to 350In a 10 oz ramekin or oven safe baking dish, spray with cooking spray.Add Mexican Black Bean Salad into prepared baking dish.In a small bowl add egg, milk, cheese and pepper. Stir until combined.Pour egg mixture over beans.Bake for 30 minutes or until center of eggs is firm.Optional: To with salsa and cilantro','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Mexican-Black-Bean-Frittata-510773.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken Pot Pie','Chicken Pot Pie','Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Spray a 9 inch pie dish with cooking spray and gently press one of the crust into the bottom pushing the sides down evenly. Bake in the preheated oven for about 8 minutes.Meanwhile, combine carrots, peas, and celery in a saucepan with the chicken broth. Bring to a boil and boil for 15 minutes. Drain and reserve broth. Stir the chicken into the vegetable mix.Cook the onions with melted butter in the saucepan over medium heat until soft. Stir in flour slowly (use a sifter if you have one) stirring continuously, pepper, salt if needed, and garlic powder. Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. Simmer over medium low heat until thick. Remove from heat.Spread the chicken mixture evenly in the bottom pie crust. Pour hot broth mixture over the chicken, and cover with the top crust, pinching edges into the rim of the pie plate/bottom crust.Bake in the preheated oven on a cookie sheet for 30-35 minutes or until pie is golden and filling is bubbly.Cool for ten minutes before cutting.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chicken-Pot-Pie-512816.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Roast Salmon and Vegetable Tacos','Roast Salmon and Vegetable Tacos','Heat oven to 400 F. Cut each fennel bulb in half lengthwise, then cut each half into 6 wedges. In a roasting pan or large baking dish, combine the fennel, tomatoes, garlic, lemon, oil, 1 1/2 teaspoons of the salt, and 1/4 teaspoon of the pepper. Spread the mixture into a single layer. Roast until the fennel is tender, about 40 minutes. Season the salmon with the remaining salt and pepper. Remove pan from oven and place the fillets on top of the vegetable mixture. Return to oven and roast until the fillets are the same color throughout and flake easily, about 12 minutes, depending on thickness. Remove and discard the lemon before serving.Just before the salmon and vegetables are done, wrap the tortillas in foil and place them in the oven for 5 minutes. Using a fork, flake the salmon into chunks. Divide the salmon and vegetables among the tortillas. Sprinkle with the cilantro. Add a dollop of sour cream, if desired.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/roast-salmon-and-vegetable-tacos-5144.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Healthy Sweet Potato, Black Bean & Avocado Breakfast Burritos','Healthy Sweet Potato, Black Bean & Avocado Breakfast Burritos','Cook sweet potatoes: Pierce sweet potatoes with fork a few times. Place in microwave and microwave on high for 4-6 minutes or until cooked though. This may take up to 10 minutes depending on how thick your sweet potatoes are. Alternatively you can roast them in the oven at 400 degrees for 45 minutes. Once sweet potatoes are cooked, remove the skins and place potatoes in a medium bowl. Mash with a fork; set aside.In a separate large bowl, add black beans, cumin, chili powder and red pepper flakes if desired. Stir to combine then set aside.In a separate medium bowl, beat egg whites together. Spray a skillet with nonstick cooking spray and place over medium-low heat. Add in egg whites and cook. Fold every few minutes to get fluffy eggs. Once cooked, remove from heat.To assemble burritos, make sure you have warm tortillas; it makes them easier to roll. You can warm them up for 10-20 seconds in the microwave before assembling. Lay out warm tortillas and evenly distribute and spread mashed sweet potato on each. Evenly distribute egg whites, diced avocado, black beans, and shredded cheese on each tortilla. Next drizzle about tablespoon of enchilada sauce in each. Season with salt and pepper, if desired. Tuck ends in, then roll up burritos. To warm up: Place on baking sheet in oven at 300 degrees for 5-10 minutes or simply microwave them for a minute or two. Serve with sour cream, greek yogurt, salsa, or hot sauce. Makes 6 burritos.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/sweet-potato-black-bean-egg-white-breakfast-burritos-523777.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chipotle Lime Grilled Chicken Skewers with Avocado Ranch','Chipotle Lime Grilled Chicken Skewers with Avocado Ranch','Add the chicken to a large bowl and season it with the salt, pepper and paprika. In a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, adobo sauce, lime zest and juice and garlic. Pour it over the chicken and toss to coat. Let sit for 30 minutes. At this time, if you are using bamboo skewers, make sure to soak them in water for 15 to 20 minutes. Preheat the grill to the highest setting. Take the skewers and add as many pieces of chicken to them as you want (I went with 3 or 4), not smashing them together but allowing them to touch. Place the skewers on the grill and grill on all sides until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side and 10 to 12 minutes total. Remove from the grill and serve with a drizzle of the avocado ranch.avocado ranchCombine all ingredients in a food processor and blend until creamy, scraping down the sides occasionally when needed. Taste and season additionally if desired. Store avocado ranch in a seal-tight container for 1-2 days!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chipotle-Lime-Grilled-Chicken-Skewers-with-Avocado-Ranch-524632.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Roasted Vegetable Enchiladas','Roasted Vegetable Enchiladas','Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil.In a large bowl, toss together the yellow squash, red pepper, red onion, sweet potato, broccoli, cauliflower, mushrooms and olive oil until evenly mixed. Season generously with salt and black pepper. Spread the mixture out evenly onto the covered baking sheet. (Vegetables should be mostly in a single layer. If your baking sheet is small, you may need to spread these out over two baking sheets.)Bake for 30 minutes, or until the edges of the vegetables begin to crisp and they are tender. Remove and set aside to cool. Reduce oven heat to 350 degrees.Meanwhile, prepare your enchilada assembly line. Lay a tortilla on a flat work surface, then spread the top of it with a generous few tablespoons of enchilada sauce. Sprinkle down the center with black beans, shredded cheese, and then lots of roasted veggies. Roll the tortilla up to close, then place it seam-side-down in a greased 9x13-inch baking dish. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Then spread any remaining enchilada sauce on top of the enchiladas in the dish.Bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes. Then remove dish and sprinkle extra cheese on top, and bake for 5-10 minutes more until the cheese has melted and the tortillas begin to brown slightly around the edges. Remove from oven and serve immediately, with garnishes if desired.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Roasted-Vegetable-Enchiladas-526931.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Mexican Lentil and Beef Chili with Tabanero Hot Sauce','Mexican Lentil and Beef Chili with Tabanero Hot Sauce','In a large stock pot add 1/4 beef broth and bring to a boil over medium high heat. Add onions, peppers and garlic. Cook for 5 - 7 minutes until softened.Add ground beef and cook another 5 - 10 minutes until beef is cooked through. Drain the beef mixture in a colander to remove excess fat. I even give a quick rinse with hot water.Add remaining ingredients to the pot, except sour cream and cilantro.Bring to a boil over medium high heat, then reduce to medium low and simmer for 30 minutes until lentils are tender. Add cilantro at the end of cooking time.Serve with Tabanero hot sauce and sour cream.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Mexican-Lentil-and-Beef-Chili-with-Tabanero-Hot-Sauce-530225.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Honey Mustard Chicken with Bacon and Mushrooms','Honey Mustard Chicken with Bacon and Mushrooms','Make marinade by mixing together mustard, honey, and lemon juice.  Add chicken breasts and refrigerate for two hours.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Heat a small amount of oil (canola or vegetable) in a skillet and add chicken breasts, discarding marinade.  Cook chicken a few minutes on each side.  Set aside.  Scrape out most of the juices from the pan, and add mushrooms.  Saute mushrooms until tender (a few minutes).  Assemble chicken in a large baking dish: chicken, then bacon, then mushrooms, then cheese.  Bake at 350 degrees F for about 20 minutes, until chicken is cooked through.  Sprinkle with chopped parsley before serving.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Honey-Mustard-Chicken-with-Bacon-and-Mushrooms-530610.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chipotle Shrimp Burritos with Simple Avocado Crema','Chipotle Shrimp Burritos with Simple Avocado Crema','<p>Blend chipotle peppers, adobo sauce, garlic, honey, 2 tablespoons of olive oil and cinnamon in a food processor until smooth. Place shrimp in a gallon Ziploc freezer bag with chipotle mixture and marinate in fridge for 1-2 hours. Meanwhile, place avocado halves, crema and Hatch green chile enchilada sauce in a blender and mix to combine. Add a tablespoon of water or more enchilada sauce to desired consistency. Refrigerate until ready to assemble burritos.Cook rice according to package directions. Fluff rice and add the juice of one lime and cilantro leaves. Keep warm on low heat. Bring a heavy bottom skillet or cast iron skillet to medium high heat and add remaining tablespoon of olive oil. Once hot add shrimp in batches taking care not to overcrowd pan. Cook for 2 minutes each side then flip and cook for an additional minute. Remove from pan and continue until all shrimp are cooked. To assemble burritos, microwave tortillas for 30 seconds. Place ¾ cup cliantro lime rice on warmed tortilla, add 10-12 shrimp per burrito and top with avocado crema. Squeeze fresh lime and garnish with additional cilantro leaves. Roll into burrito and top with additional avocado crema as desired.</p>','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/chipotle-shrimp-burritos-with-simple-avocado-crema-532503.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chipotle Lime Chicken Tacos – 7 Points','Chipotle Lime Chicken Tacos – 7 Points','InstructionsPreheat oven to 300°F. Wrap tortillas in foil and bake until heated through, 10 to 15 minutes.Season chicken with salt, pepper and cumin. Spray a large nonstick skillet with nonfat cooking spray and place over high heat until very hot. Add chicken and cook, stirring until browned on all sides, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and cover with lime juice.Reduce heat to medium and add spray skillet again with the nonfat cooking spray. Add onion and cook, stirring, until they start to become transparent, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add bell pepper, lime zest, garlic, jalapeño and chili chipotle. Cook, stirring, until peppers are bright green but still crisp, 2 to 3 minutes more.Stir in salsa and reserved chicken. Cook, stirring, until chicken is heated through, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. Spoon into warmed tortillas and garnish with scallions, tomatoes.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chipotle-Lime-Chicken-Tacos--7-Points-548907.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('30 Minute Healthy Cajun Chicken and Rice','30 Minute Healthy Cajun Chicken and Rice','InstructionsTo start the rice. Add the water to a medium size soup pot. Bring to a low boil and then add the rice and a pinch of salt. Stir to combine and then place the lid on the pot and turn the heat down to the lowest setting possible. Allow the rice to cook ten minutes on low and then turn the heat off completely and let the rice sit on the stove, covered for another 20 minutes (don\'t take any peeks inside!). After 20 minutes remove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Note that rice can cook differently for everyone, this is just what works for me.Meanwhile heat a large skillet on medium high heat and add 1 tablespoon olive oil. In a small bowl combine the cajun seasoning, creole seasoning, brown sugar, pepper, cayenne, sweet paprika and dried thyme.Add the chicken and the spice mixture to the skillet and give it a good toss. Then spread the chicken in an even layer and allow it to cook, without stirring for 2-4 minutes. Then stir the chicken and add the soy sauce, continue cooking another 5 minutes or until the chicken is browned all over and cooked through. Remove the chicken from the skillet and set aside.Add the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to the skillet. Add the red pepper, orange pepper, onion and garlic. Stir fry the veggies for about 5-10 minutes or until the onions are soft. Add the chicken back to the skillet and toss well. Now stir in the diced tomatoes and simmer until almost all the liquid has evaporated. Remove from the heat and add the chicken mixture to the rice. Toss well and serve! Garnish with chopped parsley if desired.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/30-minute-healthy-cajun-chicken-and-rice-549848.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('blackened salmon tacos with cilantro yogurt sauce','blackened salmon tacos with cilantro yogurt sauce','Combine all ingredients in medium bowl.  Refrigerate while making salmon and yogurt sauce.Combine all ingredients in food processor and pulse until well combined.Refrigerate while making salmon.Combine chili powder, paprika, brown sugar, cayenne, garlic powder, cumin, and salt and pepper in small bowl.Rub blackening seasoning over both sides of salmon. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat.Once oil is hot, add salmon.  Cook 3-4 minutes per side, or until it flakes easily and is cooked through.Spoon flaked salmon into warmed tortilla shells.Top with corn and avocado salsa and yogurt sauce. Enjoy!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/blackened-salmon-tacos-with-cilantro-yogurt-sauce-551484.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Beef Enchilada Pasta','Beef Enchilada Pasta','for the sauce:Heat the oil in a medium sauce pot.  Whisk in the flour and cook for about 2 minutes to let the flour cook out a bit.  Whisk often.  Add the seasonings and stir well to combine with the roux.  Add the stock and stir until all of the seasonings are distributed.  Whisk in the tomato paste and cook for 7-8 minutes until the sauce has thickened.  Remove from heat and set aside.for the pasta:Cook the pasta according to package directions.While the pasta cooks, heat the oil in a large non-stick skillet over medium heat.  Add the onions and stir well.  Cook for about 5 minutes, until tender.  Add the ground beef and cook until browned.  Drain the excess grease from the beef and return to the pan.  Add the green chiles, cilantro, cumin, salt and pepper and stir to distribute.Pour in the prepared enchilada sauce and stir to combine.  Add the cheese and the pasta and stir.  Allow the cheese to melt and then serve with additional cheese, cilantro and green onions for garnish.Cassie\'s notes:If you are a total fool for the bubbly golden brown cheese on top of enchiladas then this can still be for you!  Don\'t cook the pasta all the way done.  After you stir in the cheese & pasta, transfer the mixture to a 9x13 glass baking dish and sprinkle more shredded cheese on top.  Bake in a 350 degree oven for 15 minutes or so until brown and bubbly!A note about leftovers - the sauce really thickens after it sits in the fridge overnight so if you do have leftovers, add a little stock or water while reheating to keep the leftovers from being too dry.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Beef-Enchilada-Pasta-552692.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('No-fuss black beans, chicken and rice','No-fuss black beans, chicken and rice','In a large skillet, over medium to high heat, add the chopped onion and chicken and cook for about 3-5 minutes until the chicken has browned a bit. Add the remainder of the ingredients except the chopped green onions.Turn the heat to medium-low and add 4 cups of water. Mix the ingredients through and let it stand, covered for 20 -25 minutes or until the rice is tender and the water has been absorbed. Make sure you keep an eye on the rice in case there is more water needed before the rice is tender.Garnish the rice with the chopped onions and serve while still warm.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/No-fuss-black-beans--chicken-and-rice-553302.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken Burritos','Chicken Burritos','Preheat your broiler.Heat olive oil in a large skillet. Add chicken breast and cook until no longer pink. Add onion and garlic to the skillet and stir. Season with salt and pepper, chili powder and cumin. Cook until onion is translucent. Add tomatoes, beans and jalapeno and mix well. Cook for another 2 to 3 minutes then set aside.To assemble add 1/3 to 1/2 cup of the chicken mixture to the center of each tortilla. Sprinkle with a little cheddar cheese. Roll up each tortilla and secure with a couple toothpicks. Place burritos under the broiler for about 2 to 3 minutes until cheese has melted and tortillas are slightly golden.Serve with salsa and sour cream.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chicken-Burritos-560456.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Taco Casserole','Taco Casserole','Preheat oven to 350.Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-low heat.Add beef, garlic, chili powder, salt and pepper.Cook until meat is browned, stirring occasionally.Add diced tomatoes and diced pepper; continue to cook for 6 to 7 minutes, or until veggies are tender.Stir in fresh spinach and cook for an additional 2 minutes or until spinach is wilted.Remove from heat.Coat a 2-quart or 3-quart baking dish with butter.Cover the bottom of baking dish with a layer of the meat mixture.Top with 1 tortilla.Repeat layers, but top each layer with cheese mixture before adding the tortilla.Finish off by spreading the remaining meat mixture on top and the remaining of the cheese.Cover and bake for 30 minutes; remove cover and continue to cook for 5 more minutes or until bubbly.Let stand 10 minutes.Before serving, garnish with slices of avocado, cherry tomatoes and tortilla chips.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Taco-Casserole-566252.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Slow Cooker Burrito Meat','Slow Cooker Burrito Meat','Trim off any excess fat from the roast.Sprinkle both sides of the roast with the taco seasoning.Rub into the roast.Place roast in slow cooker.Sprinkle the remaining taco seasoning packet in the slow cooker over roast.Add the onions, garlic, green chiles, salt, pepper and broth.Stir around a little to mix.Cover and cook on low 8 to 9 hours.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Slow-Cooker-Burrito-Meat-572155.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Shredded Pork Tacos with Mango Salsa','Shredded Pork Tacos with Mango Salsa','Combine all ingredients in a bowl and stir gently to combine.  Allow flavors to blend for 30 minutes.Keep refrigerated for up to a week.Place a few spinach leaves on the warm tortilla.  Top with 1/4 cup of the pork and then a few tablespoons of the salsa.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Shredded-Pork-Tacos-with-Mango-Salsa-572807.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Spicy Garlic Chicken Wings + The Best Blue Cheese Dip','Spicy Garlic Chicken Wings + The Best Blue Cheese Dip','FOR THE BEST BLUE CHEESE DIP:Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl. Break up any large pieces of blue cheese, cover and refrigerate until ready you dip.FOR THE SPICY GARLIC WINGS:Line a rimmed baking sheet with aluminum foil.Working in batches if needed, line up the chicken pieces and drizzle with a little olive oil {not a lot!}. Place pan 5 inches underneath the broiler, flipping every 5 minutes until the chicken is cooked and the skin is golden and crispy, about 25 minutes.Meanwhile prepare the wing sauce. In a sauce pan combine the Frank\'s, sugar, garlic powder, black pepper, cayenne pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Stir while it is brought up to a simmer for 5-10 minutes then remove off the heat.In a large bowl whisk together the egg yolk, water and cornstarch. Grab a small measuring cup of the hot sauce and while whisking, slowly stream it into bowl with the egg/cornstarch. Once combined, gradually add in the rest of the sauce.Add cooked wings into the spicy garlic sauce and toss to coat. Serve with the blue cheese dip and enjoy!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Spicy-Garlic-Chicken-Wings-+-The-Best-Blue-Cheese-Dip-577149.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken Parmesan','Chicken Parmesan','Preheat your oven to 350 degrees and lightly spray a 9x13 baking dish with baking spray {I use my Misto}.In a large bag {I use a produce bag} crush up the whole sleeve of crackers into small pieces and season with the half teaspoon of kosher salt.In a shallow dish whisk together the two eggs and black pepper. Dip the chicken breast halves in one at a time coating both sides and drip any excess egg back into the dish.Add the coated chicken into the bag with the crushed crackers, shake to coat pressing the crackers into the chicken and then place on a large plate. Repeat with the remaining chicken until all of the chicken breast halves are coated.In a large 10 inch non-stick skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Once hot, work in batches adding two of the chicken breast halves at a time and cook for 3-4 minutes per side. Flip when you notice the edges of the chicken are a deep golden and cook for another 3-4 minutes. After each batch, remove to a paper towel lined plate to absorb any excess oil and then arrange in the prepared 9x13 baking dish. Repeat with the remaining chicken.Once all of the chicken has been cooked, reduce the heat to medium and wipe the pan out with paper towel so only a trace of oil left in the pan. Squeeze in a couple cloves of garlic through a garlic press and cook for a minute or two. Slowly add in the two cans of tomato sauce and a half teaspoon of dried basil. Simmer for 8 minutes and  drop in the two tablespoons of butter and stir. Pour 1/3 of the sauce over top of the chicken leaving pieces exposed. Evenly sprinkle with the Parmesan and cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes.In the meantime, bring a pot of water to boil. Season with a generous pinch of kosher salt and add in the spaghetti noodles and cook as directed on the package. Drain and add to the remaining marinara, toss and heat on low to keep warm.After the 30 minutes, remove top with mozzarella slices and pop the pan back into the oven for 10-15 more minutes more until the cheese is melted and bubbly.Dish out spaghetti into bowls and top with the Parmesan chicken.Enjoy!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chicken-Parmesan-577534.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Healthy Sesame Chicken','Healthy Sesame Chicken','In a medium bowl, combine honey, tamari, sesame oil, garlic and sesame seeds. Whisk until combined and set aside.Season cubed chicken with salt and pepper.In a large bowl whisk together the egg whites and corn starch. Add in the seasoned chicken and toss.In a large 10 to 12 inch non-stick skillet add a tablespoon of coconut oil and heat over medium-high heat. Once hot add in the peppers and onions and cook for 4-5 minutes until slightly softened. Remove to a plate.In the same skillet heat up 2 more tablespoons of coconut oil over medium-high heat. Add in the chicken and cook for 5-8 minutes until golden and fully cooked. Add the peppers and onions back in along with the sliced green onions and the sesame sauce.Stir and serve over prepared white or brown rice.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Healthy-Sesame-Chicken-577716.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Sweet & Sticky Baked Chicken Drumsticks','Sweet & Sticky Baked Chicken Drumsticks','In a medium bowl, whisk together balsamic vinegar, honey, brown sugar, soy sauce, garlic, ginger and cracked black pepper.  Pour into a large ziplock bag and add chicken drumsticks. Shake to coat chicken and refrigerate for 8 hours, or overnight, giving the bag a shake whenever you think about it. Preheat oven to 400°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and place a Cooling Rack on top. Remove the chicken from the bag, reserving the marinade, and place the drumsticks on the rack. Bake the drumsticks, on the middle oven rack, for 25 minutes. While the chicken is baking, place the leftover marinade in a small saucepan. Bring the marinade to a boil, then reduce the heat to a slow simmer.  Cook over low heat, stirring as needed, for about 15 minutes or until thickened. Remove drumsticks from oven (after first 25 minutes of cooking) and heavily coat with the thickened marinade, using a silicone pastry brush. Return to the oven and cook for 10 more minutes. Coat the drumsticks again and return to oven to cook for 5 more minutes, or until an internal temperate of 160°F is reached. Coat the drumsticks one last time, with any remaining sauce, and sprinkle with sesame seeds and parsley. Serve immediately.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Sweet---Sticky-Baked-Chicken-Drumsticks-583672.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Super Easy Mexican Crockpot Casserole','Super Easy Mexican Crockpot Casserole','Place all ingredients except cheese and avocado in a 5-qt crockpot. Cook on high (covered) for about 2½ hours, or until rice is cooked through and most of the liquid is absorbed.Turn off crock-pot. Stir in cheese. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with diced avocado and more salsa on top.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Super-Easy-Mexican-Crockpot-Casserole-584100.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Crockpot Chicken Tortilla Soup with Black Beans & Corn (Slow Cooker)','Crockpot Chicken Tortilla Soup with Black Beans & Corn (Slow Cooker)','Place chopped onion, garlic, red bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, ground cumin and chipotle pepper into the bottom of a crockpot.Cover this mixture with brown rice and boneless, skinless chicken breasts.Pour diced tomatoes, with juices, and chicken broth over the chicken breasts.Turn the crockpot to Low and cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 8 hours.Remove the chicken breasts from the crockpot and, using two forks, shred the chicken.  Return the chicken to the crockpot, along with the black beans and frozen corn.  Cook on Low for an additional 30 to 60 minutes.  Stir in chopped cilantro and fresh lime juice.  Season with salt and pepper.Serve with chopped avocado, tortilla chips and sour cream, if desired.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Crockpot-Chicken-Tortilla-Soup-with-Black-Beans---Corn-(Slow-Cooker)-584806.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chilled avocado sweet corn soup with lime shrimp salsa','Chilled avocado sweet corn soup with lime shrimp salsa','Combine all ingredients in high-power blender and process until smooth.Transfer soup to a bowl, fold in the sweet corn, cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.Combine the shrimp and juice of ½ a lime in a bowl. Let marinate for 30 minutes.Season the shrimp with salt and pepper.Heat a grill or grill pan over medium heat. Cook the shrimp until pink, about 2 minutes per side.Combine remaining ingredients in a small bowl, add the cooked shrimp and toss together.Spoon salsa over chilled soup and serve.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Chilled-avocado-sweet-corn-soup-with-lime-shrimp-salsa-588527.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Spicy Buffalo Lentil and Roasted Cauliflower Tacos','Spicy Buffalo Lentil and Roasted Cauliflower Tacos','Combine the lentils and water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer for 20-25 minutes, until the lentils are tender but still have a little bite. Drain any excess water and set aside.Preheat oven to 425 degress. Toss together the cauliflower, olive oil, salt, pepper, and dill, until all pieces are evenly coated. Bake for 20-25 minutes, removing from the oven to stir a few times, until tender and browned.Heat the remaining olive oil in a large skillet. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds, then add the shallot and cook for a few minutes, until translucent. Pour in the lentils and buffalo sauce. Cook for 5-7 minutes, until the lentils have mostly absorbed the buffalo sauce. Taste and add a sprinkle of cayenne, if desired.For the sauce, combine the yogurt, sour cream, salt, pepper, vinegar, and basil in a food processor or blender. Blend until smooth. Add the kale and olive oil, and again blend until smooth. Taste and adjust salt/pepper to your liking.Wrap the tortillas in a damp paper towel and microwave for 10 seconds, until slightly warm. Top each tortilla with about ¼ cup lentils, and a few cauliflower florets. Drizzle with sauce, and eat up! Serves 5-6 people, with 2 tacos each.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Spicy-Buffalo-Lentil-and-Roasted-Cauliflower-Tacos-589928.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Honey Mustard Chicken Salad','Honey Mustard Chicken Salad','Prepare the dressing by combining the mayonnaise, honey, dijon mustard, apple cider vinegar, salt, garlic powder, and paprika. Refrigerate until ready to use.Cut the chicken breast into 1 to 2 inch pieces. Coat a small skillet with non-stick spray and cook the chicken over medium heat until the outside is golden brown and the largest pieces are no longer pink inside (7-10 min.). Allow the chicken to cool slightly.While the chicken is cooling, roughly chop the cranberries and cut the celery into small pieces. Place the cranberries and celery in a large bowl. Once the chicken is cool enough to handle, roughly chop it into very small pieces. Add the chopped chicken to the bowl, along with the dressing. Stir until everything is combined and coated in dressing. Serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to eat.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Honey-Mustard-Chicken-Salad-591425.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Healthy Black Bean Tostadas with Cilantro Sauce','Healthy Black Bean Tostadas with Cilantro Sauce','Preheat the broiler. Puree the black beans, chili powder, cumin, and cayenne in a blender or food processor, adding a tablespoon of oil (or water) at a time to help the mixture move. I pureed for a minute or two but still left some texture.In a food processor or blender, puree the cilantro, yogurt, garlic, and salt, adjusting the seasoning with more cilantro/salt/yogurt to your tastes.Place tortillas in the oven directly on the rack, taking care that the edges are supported (otherwise they will bend through the cracks and it will be bent in a funny shape). Let the tortillas bake for 3-5 minutes on both sides until they are browned and crispy.Top the crispy tortillas with black beans, tomatoes, avocados, and lettuce. Drizzle with cilantro sauce.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Healthy-Black-Bean-Tostadas-with-Cilantro-Sauce-601242.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Bean & Corn Enchiladas','Bean & Corn Enchiladas','<p>Place all ingredients for the sauce in a saucepan. Mix with a whisk  until well combined. Cook and stir over medium heat until thickened,  about 5 minutes. Taste and add more chili powder and salt, if desired.  Set aside.</p><p>Preheat oven to 350ºF.</p><p>To assemble casserole, place the beans in a large bowl. Add the  scallions, corn, olives and green chilies. Mix gently until well  combined.</p><p>Place 1½ cups of the sauce in the bottom of a large non-stick baking  dish. Take 1 tortilla at a time and spread a line of the bean mixture  down the center of the tortilla. Roll up and place seam side down in the  baking dish. Repeat with remaining tortillas, placing them snugly next  to each other.</p><p>Pour the rest of the sauce over the rolled up tortillas, spreading it  out evenly. Cover with parchment paper, then cover with aluminum foil,  crimping the edges over the baking dish.</p><p>Bake for 35 minutes.</p><p>Remove from oven and let rest for about 5 minutes before cutting. Serve with additional toppings, if desired.</p>','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Bean---Corn-Enchiladas-607936.jpeg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Crock Pot Beef Carnitas Tacos','Crock Pot Beef Carnitas Tacos','<p>Mix together all spices in a small bowl. Rub the spices all over your flank steakbe generous here! Then, place your steak at the bottom of your crock pot.</p><p>Cover the steak with the chopped onions, bell peppers and jalapeno pepper. Turn heat on LOW and cook for 8 hours.</p><p>After 8 hours, remove meat from crock pot and shred with a fork. It should be incredibly easy to shred. You can either stick the shredded meat back in the pot for another hour or serve as is.</p><p>To serve, heat your corn tortillas in a skillet on the stove. Spoon some carnitas on a tortilla then top with salsa, avocado, cilantro and a squeeze of lime.</p><p>Enjoy with a margarita for best result.</p><p>Time:</p><p>active time10 min</p><p>total time8 hours</p><p>Pin It</p><p>Tagged as:</p><p>boyfriend approved,</p><p>crock pot</p>','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Crock-Pot-Beef-Carnitas-Tacos-668334.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Kung Pao Chicken Salad with Sichuan Dressing','Kung Pao Chicken Salad with Sichuan Dressing','Mix everything well.Toss everything with the dressing and enjoy!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Kung-Pao-Chicken-Salad-with-Sichuan-Dressing-669724.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Butternut Squash, Black Bean & Spinach Enchiladas','Butternut Squash, Black Bean & Spinach Enchiladas','<p>Preheat oven to 375 degrees.</p><p>Toss butternut squash with 1-2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper. Place on cookie sheet and cook for 40-50 minutes until tender.</p><p>Now is a good time to make your enchilada sauce.</p><p>When squash has about 20-30 minutes left to cook, heat remaining oil over medium high heat in large saute pan. Add onion to pan and cook for about 10 minutes, until tender. Add black beans, spinach, remaining salt, remaining pepper, remaining cayenne, cumin, garlic powder, and chili powder. Cook, stirring occasionally, for about 8-10 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and stir in squash when it is finished cooking. Keep oven on at 375 degrees after removing squash.</p><p>To assemble enchiladas, place a few spoonfuls of squash mixture into tortilla, fold in bottom and top edges and roll up. Place seem side down into baking dish (I used a 7x11 pyrex baking dish). Do this with the remainder of the mixture and place side by side in baking pan. Spoon about 2 cups of enchilada sauce on top and then sprinkle cheese over top. Bake in 375 degree oven for about 15 minutes, until cheese is melted.</p>','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/Popular-Posts-677755.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Cheesy Bacon BBQ Chicken','Cheesy Bacon BBQ Chicken','Cook bacon to crisp according to package instructions (I bake mine at 400 for 15-16 minutes on a baking sheet, which leaves the oven pre-heated for the next step!). Crumble the bacon into small pieces and set aside.Pre-heat the oven to 400. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. Use a pastry brush to brush the outsides of both sides of the chicken breasts with the olive oil and place them on the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper and place in the oven. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and flip each breast over. Split the barbecue sauce equally into two small dishes. Using the pastry brush again (washit in between!), paint the chicken breasts usinghalf of one dish of the barbecue sauce. Flip the breasts back over and paint the top side with the remaining barbecue sauce from that dish. Place back in the oven for another 5 minutes. Washthe brush thoroughly again before step three.Remove the baking sheet from the oven and lift the parchment paper holding the breasts off of the sheet and set aside. Re-line the sheet with aluminum foil or more parchment and transfer the chicken breasts back onto the freshly lined pan. Discard the parchment paper holding any remaining oil/liquid. You may want to check now to make sure the chicken is cooked through (or almost). Use the remaining dish of barbecue sauce to slather the tops of each chicken breast one last time. Sprinkle the cheese over top of each breast and follow with the bacon pieces. Place back into the oven and bake for another 3-5 minutes until cheese is melted.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/cheesy-bacon-bbq-chicken-705270.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Sweet Potato and Black Bean Nachos with Green Chile Salsa','Sweet Potato and Black Bean Nachos with Green Chile Salsa','InstructionsPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.Place the sweet potatoes wedges and cauliflower florets in a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Add the taco seasoning and gently toss with your hands or two spatulas to evenly coat. Spread the wedges and florets out onto one or two baking sheets in an even layer. Bake for 15-20 minutes, then flip and bake for 15-20 minutes more. You want the sweet potatoes to be tender, but crisp.Remove from the oven and top with the black beans, leaving out 1/2 cup of black beans to add at the end. Add the cheese in an even layer. Return the pan or pans to the oven and bake for another 5-10 minutes or until the cheese is melted and bubbly.Top with the remaining black beans, Green Chile Salsa (recipe below), guacamole, cilantro, green onions and greek yogurt. DIG IN!!Green Chile SalsaPreheat the broiler to highPlace the tomatillos, jalapeo and garlic on a sheet pan, leaving the skins on the tomatillos and garlic. Broil for about 5 minutes or until charred all over. Remove and allow to cool.Once cool enough to handle, remove the skins from the tomatillos and garlic, then discard. Halve the jalapeo and remove the seeds or leave some in for more heat! Add the tomatillos, garlic, jalapeo, Old El Paso Chopped Green Chiles, cilantro, juice from one lime and 1 teaspoon salt to a blender. Blend until smooth and combined. Pour into a bowl and place in the fridge for one hour to let the flavors mend. Taste and add more salt if desired. SERVE!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/sweet-potato-and-black-bean-nachos-with-green-chile-salsa-710542.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Cheesy Chicken and Rice Casserole','Cheesy Chicken and Rice Casserole','<p>Heat your oven to 350.Take your 2 grilled chicken breasts and allow them to slightly cool. Shred chicken breasts and place to the side in a mixing bowl.Finely chop your pepper and onion and saut in 2 Tbsp Country Crock for 5 minutes until soft.Add cream cheese into the onion and pepper and mix well.Pour into the large bowl with chicken. Mix in rice, hot sauce, cream of mushroom soup,  cup Monterrey Jack cheese, and salt and pepper. Mix well.Pour mixture in a 9 x 13 dish, and cover with remaining cheese and add salt and pepper to taste. Bake for 30 minutes. Allow to cool for 5 minutes before serving.</p>','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/cheesy-chicken-and-rice-casserole-715397.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Honey Sriracha Chicken','Honey Sriracha Chicken','Whisk the Honey Sriracha Marinate together. Mix well. Add the garlic and Marinade to the chicken, stir to combine well, marinade for 30 minutes. Heat up a skillet (cast-iron preferred) on medium heat. Add the oil. Transfer the chicken to the skillet and cook on both sides, until they turn golden brown and cooked. Add the remaining Marinade to the skillet, as soon as it thickens, turn off the heat, top with some sesame seeds (if using) and serve the chicken immediately.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/honey-sriracha-chicken-719022.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken Fajita Pasta','Chicken Fajita Pasta','Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook pasta according to package directions.While cooking pasta, dice the chicken, peppers, and onion into bite-sized pieces.Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of coconut oil to the skillet and let melt.Add the chicken to skillet and sprinkle with the fajita seasoning. Cook, stirring often, until no longer pink, about 6 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside.Add remaining tablespoon of coconut oil to skillet and melt. Add peppers and onions to skillet and cook until tender-crisp, stirring often, about 5 minutes.Return chicken to skillet. Add in the cooked pasta, sour cream, salsa, and cheese and stir well to combine.Sprinkle with cilantro before serving.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/chicken-fajita-pasta-730903.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken Pot Pie Pockets','Chicken Pot Pie Pockets','In a large microwave safe bowl, combine cream cheese and butter. Microwave in 15 second intervals until slightly melted and able to stir until smooth.Add onion powder and garlic salt to cream cheese/butter mixture and stir well.Add chicken, potatoes, carrots and celery to cream cheese mixture. Stir until well combined.Unroll both sheets of refrigerated pie crust dough. Cut each of the round pie crusts into quarters.On one quarter of pie crust dough, put  of cream cheese/chicken mixture (about -1 cup.) Place a second quarter of pie crust dough over the top (make sure it lines up with bottom quarter) and pinch seams to seal off. You can flute the pie crust edges for a prettier look.Repeat until you have 4 pie pockets. Cut about three small slits on the tops of each pie pocket for breathing. Place on a greased cookie sheet. (At this point you can freeze the pie crusts. Pull out when desired from freezer and place on greased cookie sheets and let sit for about 10-15 minutes before cooking. Then continue with remaining direction)Bake at 400 degrees F for about 20 minutes or until tops are golden brown.FOR WHITE SAUCE: Melt butter in saucepan, add flour and stir to combine to form a roux. Once you have your roux, add half and half (or milk) and stir constantly until sauce thickens. Remove from heat and stir in Garlic salt and onion powder until well combined.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/chicken-pot-pie-pockets-735961.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Microwave Chicken and Dumplings','Microwave Chicken and Dumplings','For the filling: Whisk together the chicken broth and flour in a microwave-safe 8-by-8-by-2-inch baking dish for an 1,100-watt oven or a 4-quart microwave-safe bowl for a 700-watt oven, until there are no lumps. Stir in the onions, celery, butter, thyme sprig, 3/4 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cover tightly with plastic wrap; cut a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high (at 100 percent power) for 5 minutes in an 1,100-watt oven or 8 minutes in a 700-watt oven.                          Remove the dish from the microwave, and remove the plastic wrap (be careful to avoid the hot steam). Carefully whisk the broth mixture until there are no clumps of flour at the bottom. Put the dish back in the microwave, uncovered, and cook on high (at 100 percent power) until the broth is bubbly and thick, 5 minutes in an 1,100-watt oven or 8 minutes in a 700-watt oven.                          For the dough: Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt. Add the milk and oil in the center, and stir everything together with a fork until the dough just comes together (it will be sticky and wet).                          To assemble: Remove the dish from the microwave. Remove and discard the thyme sprig, and whisk the broth mixture again. Stir in the shredded chicken and frozen peas and carrots. Arrange rounded teaspoons of the dough (about 16 dumplings) about 1/2 inch apart along the perimeter of the dish or bowl. Grind a little pepper over each dumpling.                          Cover the dish tightly with a new piece of plastic wrap; cut a small slit in the center. Microwave on high (at 100 percent power) until the dumplings are puffed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 6 minutes in an 1,100- or a 700-watt oven. If they are not cooked through, microwave them again in 30-second increments, testing with a toothpick after each.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/microwave-chicken-and-dumplings-751178.jpeg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Mexican chicken soup with charred baby corn','Mexican chicken soup with charred baby corn','Saute the onion and carrot in a splash of oil until soft and fragrant (approximately 10 minutes) then add the peppers and mushrooms and saute for a further 10 minutes.Add the garlic and spices and saute for 30 seconds before adding the chopped tomatoes, sugar and stock. Lower the heat and allow to simmer gently for 20 minutes.In the meantime, coat the baby corn in the olive oil and grill in a griddle pan until charred all over and cooked through. Slice and add to the soup.When the soup has reduced slightly, add the shredded chicken then season with salt, pepper and lemon juice.Allow the chicken to warm through then serve topped with the avocado, fresh herbs, jalapeos and spring onion.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/mexican-chicken-soup-with-charred-baby-corn-763155.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Fish Tacos with Tropical Vanilla Salsa','Fish Tacos with Tropical Vanilla Salsa','In a medium bowl, gently toss together all the salsa ingredients. Set aside.Heat grill to medium-high. Brush halibut with olive oil. Brush grates of grill with additional olive oil.Grill halibut steaks for 3-5 minutes per side until halibut flakes easily with a fork.Remove halibut from grill, cut into portions and divide evenly between four flour tortillas.Top with tropical vanilla bean salsa and serve.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/fish-tacos-with-tropical-vanilla-salsa-764556.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Southwestern Grilled Chicken with Lime Butter','Southwestern Grilled Chicken with Lime Butter','Mix first 8 ingredients in small bowl until well blended. Spread seasoning paste all over chicken with spoon or basting brush.Grill chicken using medium heat for a gas grill or indirect heat for a charcoal grill. Close the lid and grill about 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.For the Lime Butter, mix all ingredients in small bowl. Drizzle over chicken just before serving or serve separately for dipping.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/southwestern-grilled-chicken-with-lime-butter-765636.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Grilled Tuna Steak with Fresh Salsa','Grilled Tuna Steak with Fresh Salsa','Combine first 7 ingredients in a bowl; stir in 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Let stand 30 minutes.                                                                                                Prepare grill.                                                                                                Lightly coat both sides of tuna steaks with cooking spray; sprinkle with remaining salt and pepper. Place steaks on grill rack; grill 3 minutes on each side or until fish is medium-rare or desired degree of doneness. Serve with salsa, and, if desired, lime wedges.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/grilled-tuna-steak-with-fresh-salsa-7657.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Chicken Mole Tacos','Chicken Mole Tacos','To warm tortillas, wrap in barely damp paper towels and microwave on High for 30 to 45 seconds or wrap in foil and bake at 300F until steaming, 5 to 10 minutes.NutritionPer serving: 460 calories; 20 g fat (4 g sat, 8 g mono);100 mg cholesterol; 35 g carbohydrates; 2 g added sugars; 6 g total sugars; 35 g protein; 7 g fiber; 496 mg sodium; 714 mg potassium.Nutrition Bonus: Iron (24% daily value), Vitamin A (35% dv)Carbohydrate Servings: 2 1/2Exchanges: 1 1/2 starch, 1 vegetable, 4 lean meat, 1 1/2 fatMore From EatingWellHealthy Red, White and Blue RecipesIf you want to make the spread at your next party look...100-Calorie Freezer PopsCool down with these healthy, homemade freezer pops. On hot...Healthy 4th of July Dessert RecipesIf youre looking for a new recipe to make for your Fourth of...All-American 4th of July RecipesPut a fresh twist on your classic American fare with this...Best Summer Chicken RecipesFrom grilled chicken recipes to chicken salad recipes, our...100-Calorie SnacksHaving a snack attack? Stock your fridge and pantry with...Healthy Summer Side DishesTo round out your summer meal, enjoy one of our healthy...Top 10 Recipes From the July/August 2016 Issue of EatingWellEnjoy all the fruits and vegetables summer has to offer with...Healthy Coleslaws and Picnic Salad RecipesWhat\'s a picnic without coleslaw and a salad? Our healthier...Low-Calorie Ice Cream Pies & More Frozen Dessert RecipesYou wont waste half a days worthor moreof calories with...Summer Recipes for a Crock PotBeat the heat this summer with these easy recipes for your...Healthy Recipes for Fathers DayFire up the grill, pull out the lawn chairs and celebrate...Low-Carb Snack RecipesWhether youre in the mood for a sweet or salty snack, our...Quick Summer DinnersWe know summer can be a busy time of year, but be sure to...Turmeric RecipesTurmeric most often appears in Indian cuisine, as its flavor...Healthy Baking Recipes with Olive OilCut saturated fat when you bake by swapping some of the...Recipe CategoriesSeasonWinterSpringSummerFallHolidayCinco de MayoStyle/ThemeBudgetEntertaining, casualType of DishMain dish, combination mealMain dish, poultrySandwichEthnic/RegionalAmericanMexicanHealth & Diet ConsiderationsLow saturated fatHeart healthyHigh fiberHigh potassiumEase of PreparationEasyMain IngredientChickenPreparation/ TechniqueSlow cooker/CrockpotBlenderMeal/CourseDinnerPublicationMay/June 2016','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/chicken-mole-tacos-794327.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Shredded Buffalo Chicken Tacos','Shredded Buffalo Chicken Tacos','Shred the broccoli in a food processor using the grater disk.In a large salad bowl, combine the shredded broccoli, chopped kale, red cabbage, and dressing; mix well and set aside.Prepare the chicken fillets according to the directions on the bag.Using two forks, shred the cooked chicken. You can also just cut it up into thin strips. Set aside.In a nonstick skillet, add the hot sauce and cook for a minute over medium-high heat.Add shredded chicken to the skillet and coat with the sauce; continue to cook for 1 minute or until everything is heated through. Remove from heat and set aside.Wash and wipe down the nonstick skillet and set it over medium heat.Place tortilla in pan and cook for 30 seconds or until tortilla begins to puffFlip tortilla, cook for 30 seconds and remove from heat.Assemble the tacos by filling each flour tortilla with prepared chicken, salad, and a sprinkle of feta cheese.Serve warm.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/shredded-buffalo-chicken-tacos-794562.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Grilled Chili-Lime Fish Tacos with Sour Cream Cabbage Slaw + Mango & Avocado','Grilled Chili-Lime Fish Tacos with Sour Cream Cabbage Slaw + Mango & Avocado','Preheat grill to medium-high heat. Place fish in large ziploc bag and add olive oil, lime juice, honey, garlic, chili powder, cumin, and cayenne pepper. Season with salt and pepper. Close bag and massage seasonings into fish. Let marinade for 20 minutes.Prepare slaw: In a medium bowl combine cabbage, cilantro, sour cream, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Place in refrigerator.Remove fish from marinade and place onto hot grill. Grill fish for 3-5 minutes each side, it will vary depending on the temperature of your grill. Typically the second side will take less time. Remove fish to hot plate.Grill tortillas for 10-20 seconds each side. Divide fish equally into tortillas, add slaw, and mango and avocado. Garnish with extra cilantro, if desired. Makes 8 tacos total; 2 tacos each.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/grilled-chili-lime-fish-tacos-with-sour-cream-cabbage-slaw-+-mango-avocado-809801.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Mexican Turkey Lettuce Wraps','Mexican Turkey Lettuce Wraps','In a large skillet heat the olive oil over medium high heat. Add the ground turkey and cook until browned, about 4-5 minutes {make sure you crumble it as it cooks}. Add the onion, garlic and red pepper and saut for 4-5 minutes until the onion is soft.Stir in the black beans, cumin, paprika, red pepper {cayenne pepper} and chili powder and continue to cook for 3-4 more minutes.Remove from the heat and stir in the fresh chopped cilantro and chopped green onions and add salt and pepper to taste.Place a couple of spoonfuls of the turkey mixture into the center of the lettuce leaf. Garnish with salsa, cheese and sour cream or any garnishes you like. Enjoy!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/mexican-turkey-lettuce-wraps-810827.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Spicy Asian Chicken and Noodle Soup','Spicy Asian Chicken and Noodle Soup','Bring the first 9 ingredients to a simmer in a large pot and let simmer for about 5-8 minutes (until vegetables are tender) and then turn to low to keep warm.Cook rice noodles according to package.Discard ginger from large pot, add lime juice and stir.Ladle 1 1/3 cups broth into a bowl and top with rice noodles, mint, cilantro and green onions (optional).','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/spicy-asian-chicken-and-noodle-soup-810881.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Black bean enchiladas with avocado sauce','Black bean enchiladas with avocado sauce','Heat the oven to 190C (Gas Mark 5 / 375F).In a food processor, blitz the pickled jalapeno and garlic together, then add the avocado, vegetable stock, sour cream and seasoning, and process until smooth.Transfer the avocado sauce to a bowl, and give the food processor a quick wipe (it doesn\'t need to be washed thoroughly).Process the pine nuts along with the coriander and olive oil to form your coriander pesto.In a large bowl, combine the black beans, diced green pepper, sliced spring onions, two thirds of the cheddar, and the coriander pesto. Mix well.Spread a few tablespoons of the avocado sauce in the bottom of a baking dish. Spoon a quarter of the black bean mixture along the centre of one of the tortillas, and roll tightly. Lay in the baking dish seam-side down, and repeat with the remaining tortillas and black beans. Cover with the remaining avocado sauce, and top with the last of the grated cheddar, and a few slices of tomato. Bake for around 45 minutes, or until the cheese is nicely melted and the tortillas are slightly crisp.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/black-bean-enchiladas-with-avocado-sauce-811779.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Mexican courgette boats','Mexican courgette boats','Without removing the ends, halve the courgettes lengthwise and scoop out the seeds to create a well along the length of the courgette. Fill this well with the black bean mixture, and top with the grated cheese. Lay the courgette halved in a baking tray (you may need to prop them against each other so they dont topple over!) and bake for 20 minutes, or until the cheese has browned.Note: These are fairly spicy. If youre a wimp when it comes to spice, use less chilli powder, or use a milder version.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/mexican-courgette-boats-811908.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Roasted Chicken Provençal','Roasted Chicken Provençal','Heat oven to 400 degrees. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Put the flour in a shallow pan, and lightly dredge the chicken in it, shaking the pieces to remove excess flour.                    Swirl the oil in a large roasting pan, and place the floured chicken in it. Season the chicken with the herbes de Provence. Arrange the lemon, garlic cloves and shallots around the chicken,  then add the vermouth to the pan.                    Put the pan in the oven, and roast for 25 to 30 minutes, then baste it with the pan juices. Continue roasting for another 25 to 30 minutes, or until the chicken is very crisp and the meat cooked through.                    Serve in the pan or on a warmed platter, garnished with the thyme.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/roasted-chicken-provenal-820719.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Clean Eating Slow Cooker Dump Chicken And Vegetables','Clean Eating Slow Cooker Dump Chicken And Vegetables','Place the chicken in the slow cooker and pour the diced tomatoes over the top. Sprinkle the spices over the tomatoes and then layer the vegetables over that. Cook on low for 4-6 hours or until the chicken easily shreds when stirred.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/clean-eating-slow-cooker-dump-chicken-and-vegetables-832482.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Avocado Black Bean Quesadillas','Avocado Black Bean Quesadillas','In a medium pan over medium-high heat, saute onion and bell pepper in 1 tablespoon oil for 2-3 minutes or until tender. Add the black beans and taco seasoning. Cook for another minute. Transfer mixture into a small bowl and set aside. Rinse and wipe down pan and return to heat. Drizzle with a light layer of oil or spray with cooking spray. In a small bowl, lightly mash the avocados with a fork. Stir in cilantro and juice of  lime, season with salt and pepper to taste. Spread a quarter of mashed avocado onto half of a tortilla. Top with bean mixture and th cup of cheese. Fold the tortilla closed over the veggies. Repeat until all tortillas are filled and all fillings are used. Cook on medium-high heat for 2-3 minutes per side or until the outside is crispy and cheese has fully melted. Serve with your favorite salsa or sour-cream, Enjoy!','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/avocado-black-bean-quesadillas-837294.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Honey Soy Baked Chicken Thighs','Honey Soy Baked Chicken Thighs','Preheat oven to 425-degrees F.Mix first 6 ingredients together in a large plastic zip-top storage bag. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add the chicken to the plastic bag, seal bagand turn chickento coat each piece, then place in refrigerator tomarinateuntil ready to cook, up to a day ahead.When ready to cook, add chicken and marinade to abaking dish in a single layer. Bake chicken in a 425-degrees oven for 25 minutes with the skin side up. Flip the chicken and cook skin side down for another 10 minutes. Then turn the chicken again to skin side up and finish cooking for another 10 minutes to crisp up the skin, for a total of 45 minutes. Cook until internal temperature of chicken reads 165-degrees F.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/honey-soy-baked-chicken-thighs-840513.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Simple 3-Ingredient Slow-Cooker Salsa Chicken','Simple 3-Ingredient Slow-Cooker Salsa Chicken','Place all ingredients in slow-cooker and stir to combine. Cook on high for 3.5-4 hours or on low for 6-8 hours, depending on your brand of slow-cooker. When done, chicken will shred easily with two forks. Shred chicken and serve over brown rice or inside flour tortillas. Top with favorite Mexican toppings like sour cream, avocado, guacamole, cheese, fresh cilantro, etc.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/simple-3-ingredient-slow-cooker-salsa-chicken-850202.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Bacon Egg & Cheese Quesadillas','Bacon Egg & Cheese Quesadillas','In a small bowl whisk together eggs and milk.Pour eggs into a small skillet and scramble over low heat.Remove eggs to small bowl and cover with tin foil.In the same skillet put one of the burrito shells down. Top with scramble eggs, cheese and bacon bits. Place the other shell on top. Cook until the burrito on the bottom is golden brown then flip and cook until other side is golden brown..In a small bowl whisk together eggs and milk.Pour eggs into a small skillet and scramble over low heat.Remove eggs to small bowl and cover with tin foil.In the same skillet put one of the burrito shells down. Top with scramble eggs, cheese and bacon bits. Place the other shell on top. Cook until the burrito on the bottom is golden brown then flip and cook until other side is golden brown..','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/bacon-egg-cheese-quesadillas-877781.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Yogurt Marinated Chicken Skewers With Toum Garlic Sauce','Yogurt Marinated Chicken Skewers With Toum Garlic Sauce','Preparation                                        In a small bowl, combine the yogurt, onion, garlic, lemon, mint, and olive oil. Cut the chicken into 1- to 2-inch (2.5 to 5 cm) pieces and place them in a medium bowl or a plastic ziplock bag. Pour the marinade over the chicken, cover the bowl or seal the bag, and refrigerate for at least 8 and up to 24 hours (the longer, the more flavorful).                                                                            Preheat a grill or broiler on medium-high. Place the chicken in a colander and drain off the marinade. Pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Thread 6 skewers with the chicken, leaving some breathing room (about 1/8 inch / 3 mm) between the pieces. Generously season the chicken all over with salt and pepper.                                                                            Grill the chicken over medium-high heat, or broil them on a broiler or sheet pan, until the chicken is cooked through and is slightly charred around the edges, about 10 minutes on the grill and about 20 minutes under the broiler. Turn the skewers over halfway through cooking.                                                                            Remove the cooked chicken from the skewers with a fork. Serve the chicken hot with the toum, either on the side for dipping or drizzled over the chicken after it has been removed from the skewers.                                                                From Rose Water and Orange Blossoms: Fresh & Classic Recipes from my Lebanese Kitchen  2015 by Maureen Abood. Reprinted with permission from Running Press, a member of the Perseus Books Group.Buy the full book from Amazon.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/yogurt-marinated-chicken-skewers-with-toum-garlic-sauce-879085.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Easy Mozzarella & Pesto Chicken Casserole','Easy Mozzarella & Pesto Chicken Casserole','Preheat oven to 400. Spray a large casserole dish with cooking spray.Combine the first three ingredients and mix until smooth in a large bowl. Add the chicken and cubed mozzarella. Transfer to the casserole dish. Sprinkle the shredded mozzarella on top.Bake for 25-30 minutes. Serve with zoodles, spinach, or mashed cauliflower.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/easy-mozzarella-pesto-chicken-casserole-917604.jpg');
insert into recipes (name, description, directions, origin, picture) VALUES('Slow Cooker Thai Chicken Soup','Slow Cooker Thai Chicken Soup','Mix the curry paste, coconut milk, chicken stock, fish sauce, brown sugar and peanut butter in a 4-1/2 to 6-quart slow-cooker bowl. Place the chicken breast, red bell pepper, onion and ginger in the slow cooker, cover and cook on high for 4 hours.Add in the peas and cook for  hour longer. Stir in lime juice and serve with cilantro and white rice.','1','https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/slow-cooker-thai-chicken-soup-945996.jpg');
